Add docs for OpenTelemetry Java (#5968)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/opentelemetry-setup/without-java-agent/java.spring-boot.mdx

#### Initializing OpenTelemetry

```Java
import io.opentelemetry.api.OpenTelemetry;
import io.opentelemetry.context.propagation.ContextPropagators;
import io.opentelemetry.sdk.OpenTelemetrySdk;
import io.opentelemetry.sdk.trace.SdkTracerProvider;

import io.sentry.opentelemetry.SentryPropagator;
import io.sentry.opentelemetry.SentrySpanProcessor;

SdkTracerProvider sdkTracerProvider = SdkTracerProvider.builder()
    .addSpanProcessor(new SentrySpanProcessor())
    .build();

OpenTelemetry openTelemetry = OpenTelemetrySdk.builder()
    .setTracerProvider(sdkTracerProvider)
    .setPropagators(ContextPropagators.create(new SentryPropagator()))
    .buildAndRegisterGlobal();
```

#### Initializing Sentry

> You have to set the `instrumenter` option to `otel`. This disables all Sentry instrumentation and relies on the chosen OpenTelemetry tracers for creating spans.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to set the `instrumenter` option to `otel`. This disables all Sentry instrumentation and uses the chosen OpenTelemetry tracers for creating spans instead.

```

```properties {filename:application.properties}
sentry.dsn=___DSN___
sentry.traces-sample-rate=1.0
# enable this to see more logs
sentry.debug=false
# set the instrumenter to use OpenTelemetry instead of Sentry
sentry.instrumenter=otel
```

> You also have to manually provide the `OpenTelemetryLinkErrorEventProcessor` bean to ensure errors are properly linked to transactions that were created by the OpenTelemetry integration:

Author: Decided to keep this as is for now as there doesn't seem to be an easy way to detect whether the `sentry-opentelemetry-agent` is used or not and this seems like a rather niche use case.
